special episode this week. We've
preempted the weekly show and there's
only three people we preempt the show
for. President Trump, Jesus, and Jensen.
[laughter]
And uh I'll let you pick which order we
do that. Uh but what an amazing run
you've had and a great event. Uh
>> every industry is here. Every tech
company is here. Every AI company is
here. Incredible. Incredible.
>> Extraordinary. And one of the great
announcements of the past year has been
Grock. When you made the purchase of
Grock, did you realize how insufferable
Cha Chimath would become? [laughter]
>> I had a I had an inkling that that that
>> we're his friends. We have to deal with
him every week.
>> I know it.
>> You had to deal with him for the six
week close. [laughter]
>> I know it's like two weeks. Two weeks.
>> It's all coming back to me now. It's
it's making me rather uncomfortable. The
the thing is uh many of our strategies
are are presented in in broad daylight
at GTC years in advance of when we do
it. Two and a half years ago, I
introduced the operating system of the
AI factory and it's called Dynamo.
Dynamo as you know is a piece of
instrument, a machine that was created
by Seammens to turn essentially water
into electricity. and Dynamo uh powered
the factory of the last industrial
revolution. So I thought it was the
perfect name for the operating system of
the next industrial revolution, the
factory of that. And so inside Dynamo,
the fundamental technology is
disagregated inference.
>> Jason, I I know you're you're super
technical.
>> Absolutely.
>> I know it.
>> I'll let you take this one. Go ahead and
define it for [laughter] the audience. I
don't want to step on you.
>> Yeah, thank you. I I I know you wanted
to jump in there for a second, but it's
it's this aggregating inference, which
means the the pipeline, the processing
pipeline of inference is extremely
complicated. In fact, it is the most
complicated computing problem today.
Incredible scale, lots of mathematics of
different shapes and sizes. And we came
up came up with the idea that you would
change you would you would disagregate
parts of the processing such that some
of it can run on some GPUs rest of it
can run on different GPUs and that led
to us realizing that maybe even
disagregated computing could make sense
that we could have different
heterogeneous nature of computing that
same sensibility led us to melanox
>> you know today Nvidia's computing is
spread across GPUs, CPUs, switches,
scale up switches, scale out switches,
networking processors, and now we're
going to add Grock to that and we're
going to put the right workload on the
right chips. You know, we just really
evolved from a GPU company to an AI
factory company.
>> I mean, I think that was probably the
biggest takeaway that I had. You're
seeing this fundamental disagregation
where we've gone from a GPU and now you
have this complexion of all these
different options that will eventually
exist. The thing that you guys said on
stage or you said on stage was I I would
like the high value inference people to
take a listen to this and 25% of your
data center space you said should be
allocated to this Grock LPU GPU combo
>> grock to about 25% of the verbs in the G
in the data center. So can you tell us
about how the industry looks at this
idea of now basically creating this next
generation form of disagregated prefill
decode disag?
>> Yeah and take a step back and at the
time that we added this we went from
large language model processing
to agentic processing. Now when you're
running an agent you're accessing
working memory you're accessing
long-term memory. You're using tools.
You're really beating up on storage
really hard. You have agents working
with other agents. Some of the agents
are very large models. Some of them are
smaller models. Some of them are
diffusion models. Some of them are auto
reggressive models. And so there are all
kinds of different types of models
inside this data center. We created Vera
Rubin to be able to run this
extraordinarily diverse workload. My
sense is and and so we added what used
to be a one rack company. we now added
four more racks,
>> right?
>> So, Nvidia's TAM, if you will, increased
from what whatever it was to probably
something, call it, you know, 33% 50%
higher. Now, part of that 33% or 50% a
lot of it is going to be storage
processors. It's called Bluefield. Some
of it will be a lot of it, I'm hoping,
will be Grock processors, and some of it
will be CPUs. And they're all and a lot
of it's going to be networking
processors. And so all of this is going
to be running basically the computer of
the AI revolution called agents, right?
>> The operating system of of um modern
modern industry.
>> What about embedded applications? So you
know my daughter's teddy bear at home
wants to talk to her. What goes in
there? Is it a custom ASIC or does there
end up becoming much more kind of a
broader set of TAM with developing tools
that are maybe different for different
use cases at the edge and an embedded
application? We think that there's three
computers in the problem at the at the
largest at the largest scale when you
stick take a step back. There's one
computer that's really about training
the AI model, developing creating the
AI, another computer for evaluating it.
Depending on the type of problem you're
having, like for example, you look
around, there's all kinds of robots and
cars and things like that. You have to
evaluate these robots inside a virtual
gym that represents the physical world.
So it has to be software that obeys the
laws of physics. And that's a second
computer. We call that omniverse. The
third computer is the computer at the
edge, the robotics computer.
>> That robotics computer, one of them
could be self-driving car. Another one's
a robot. Another one could be a teddy
bear. Little tiny one for a teddy bear.
One of the most important ones is one
that we're working on that basically
turns the telecommunications base
stations into part of the AI
infrastructure. So now all of the it's a
$2 trillion industry. All of that in
time will be transformed into an
extension of the AI infrastructure. And
so radios radios will become a edge
devices, factories, warehouses, you name
it. And so so there are three these
three basic computers.
All of them, you know, are going to be
necessary.
>> Jensen, last uh last year, I think you
were ahead of the the rest of the world
in in saying inference isn't going to a
thousand.
>> Just last year,
>> yes.
Is it is it going to 1 millionx is going
to 1 billionx? Yeah.
>> Right. And I think people at the time
thought it was pretty hyperbolic because
the world was still focused on
pre-scaling, on training. Here we are
now. Inference has exploded. We're
inference constrained. um you announced
an inference factory that I think is
leading edge that's going to be 10x
better in terms of throughput to the
next factory but yet if you if I listen
to what the chatter is out there it's
that your inference factory is going to
cost 40 or 50 billion and the
alternatives the custom AS6 AMD others
are going to cost 25 to 30 billion and
you're going to lose share so why don't
you talk to us what are you seeing how
do you think about share and does it
make sense for all these folks to pay
something that's a 2x X premium to what
others are marketing.
>> The big takeaway, the big idea is that
you should not equate the price of the
factory and the price of the tokens, the
cost of the tokens. It is very likely
that the $50 billion factory, and in
fact, I can prove it that the $50
billion factory will generate for you
the lowest cost tokens. And the reason
for that is because we produce these
tokens at extraordinary efficiency
10 times you know the difference between
50 billion now it turns out 20 billion
is just land power and shell right
>> right right
>> and then on top of that you have storage
anyways networking anyways you got CPUs
anyways you got servers anyways you got
cooling anyways the difference between
that GPU being 1x price or halfx price
>> is not between 50 billion and 30 billion
Pick your favorite number, but let's say
between 50 billion and 40 billion.
>> That is not a large percentage when the
$50 billion data center is actually 10
times the throughput.
>> Right, Jess?
>> That's the reason why I said that even
for most chips, if you can't keep up
with the state of the technology and the
pace that we're running, even when the
chips are free, it's not cheap enough.
>> Yeah.
>> Can I can I just ask a general strategy
question?
>> Yeah. I mean, you're running the most
valuable company in the world. This
thing is going to do 350 plus billion of
revenue next year. 200 billion of free
cash flow. It's compounding at these
crazy rates. How do you decide what to
do? Like, how do you actually get the
information? I mean, it's famous now
these sort of emails that are people are
meant to send you, but how do you really
decide to get an intuition of how to
shape the market, where to really double
down, where to maybe pull back, where to
actually go into a green field? How how
does that information get to you? How do
you decide these things?
>> In a final analysis, that's the job of
the CEO. Yeah.
>> And our job is to define the strategy,
define the vision, define the strategy.
We're informed, of course, by amazing
computer scientists, amazing
technologists, great people all over the
company, but we have to shape that
future. Well, part of it has to do with
is this something that's insanely hard
to do? If it's not hard to do, we should
back away from it. And the reason for
that is if it's easy to do, obviously,
um,
>> lots of competitors. a lot of
competitors. Is this something that has
never been done before that's insanely
hard to do and that somehow taps into
>> the special superpowers of our company?
>> And so I have to find this confluence of
things to that meets the standard and in
the end we also know that a lot of pain
and suffering is going to go into it.
Yeah.
>> There no great things that are invented
because it was just easy to do and just
like first try here we are. And so if
it's super hard to do, nobody's ever
done it before. it's very likely that
you're going to have a lot of pain and
suffering and so you better enjoy it.
>> So can you can you just look at maybe
three or four of the more longtail
things you announced
>> and just talk about the long-term
viability of whether it's the data
centers in space or whether it's what
you're trying to do with ADAS and autos
or you know what you're trying to do on
the biology side just give us a sense of
like how you see some of these curves
inflecting upwards in some of these
longer tail businesses.
>> Excellent. uh physical AI large category
we believe and I just mentioned we have
three computing systems all the software
platforms on top of it physical AI as a
large category
it's technology industry's first
opportunity
to address a $50 trillion industry that
has largely been you know void of
technology until now and so we need to
invent all of the technology necessary
to do that I felt that that was a
10-year journey
We started 10 years ago. We're seeing it
inflecting now. It is a multi-billion
dollar business for us. It's close to10
billion a year now. And so it's a big
business and it's growing exponentially.
And so that's number one. I think in the
case of digital biology, I think we are
literally near the chat GPT moment of
digital biology. We're about to
understand how to represent genes,
proteins, cells. We already know how to
understand chemicals. And so the ability
for us to represent and understand the
dynamics of the building blocks of
biology that's a couple of two three
five years from now in 5 years time I
completely believe that the healthcare
industry where digital biology is going
to inflect and so these are a couple of
the really great ones and you could see
they're all around us
>> agriculture
>> reflecting now
>> no question yeah
>> Jensen I want to take you from the data
center to the desktop uh the company was
built in large part on hobbyists, video
gamers and and all those graphic cards
in the beginning. And you mentioned in
front of I think 10,000 people here just
claude openclaw clawed code and what a
revolution agents have become and
specifically the hobbyists who are
really where a lot of energy um we see
you know a lot of the innovation breaks
want desktops. You announced one here uh
I believe it's the Dell 6800. Uh this is
a very powerful workstation to run local
models. 750 gigs of RAM. Obviously the
the Mac uh studio sold out everywhere in
my company. We're moving to openclaw
everything. Freeberg just got claw
pelled. You got claw pelled I
understand. And you're obsessed with
these.
>> What is this from the streets movement
of creating open-source agents and using
open source on the desktop mean to you?
Great. Where is that going?
>> Yeah. So great. First of all, let's take
a step back. Um in the last two years we
saw basically three inflection points.
The first one was generative chat GPT
brought AI to the common
everybody to our awareness. But the fact
of the matter is the technology sat in
plain sight months before GPT. It wasn't
until chat GPT put a user interface
around it made it easy for us to use
that generative AI took off. Now
generative AI as you know generates
tokens for internal consumption as well
as external consumption. Internal
consumption is thinking which led to
reasoning. 01 and 03
continue that wave of chat GPT grounded
information made AI not only answer
questions but answer questions in a more
grounded way useful.
We started seeing the revenues and the e
the economic model of open AI start to
inflect. Then the third one was only
inside the industry that we saw clock
code the first agentic system that was
very useful really revolutionary stuff
but but cloud code was only available
for enterprises. Most people outside
never saw anything about cloud code
until open claw. Open claw basically put
into the po popular consciousness what
an AI agent can do. Mhm.
>> That's the reason why open claw is so
important from a cultural perspective.
Now the second second reason why it's so
important is that open claw is open but
it formulates
it structures a type of computing model
that is basically reinventing computing
all together. It has a memory system. It
scratch is a short-term memory file
system. It has it has it has scales. Did
you say skills or scales?
>> Skills.
>> Oh, skills.
>> They do have skills theoretically. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Skills.
>> So, the first thing first thing it it,
you know, it has resources. It it
manages resources. It's it does
scheduling.
>> Yep.
>> Right. And it cron jobs. It could it
could spawn off agents. It could, you
know, it could decompose a task and and
cause and solve problems as does
scheduling. It has IO subsystems. It
could, you know, input. It has output
and connect to WhatsApp. And also it has
a API that allows it to run multiple
types of applications called skills.
>> Yeah.
>> These four elements fundamentally define
a computer.
>> Yeah.
>> And therefore what do we have? We have a
personal artificial intelligence
computer for the very first time.
>> Open source.
>> It's open source. It runs literally
everywhere. And so this is now the this
is the op this is basically the
blueprint the operating system of modern
computing.
>> Yeah.
>> And it's going to run literally
everywhere. Now of course one of the
things that we had to help it do is
whenever you have agentic software you
have to make sure that and agentic
software has access to sensitive
information. It execute code. It could
communicate externally. We have to make
sure that all of it has to be governed.
all of it has to be secure and that we
have policies that that gives these
agents two of the three things but not
all three things at the same time
>> and so the governance part of it we
contributed to Peter Peter Steinberger
was here and and so we've got a mountain
of great engineers working with him to
help secure and keep that thing so that
it could protect our privacy protect our
security
>> Jensen that paradigm shift makes some of
the AI legislation that has passed
around the country to regulate AI and a
lot of the proposed legislation
effectively moot, doesn't it? Can you
just comment for a second on how quickly
the paradigm shift kind of obiates a lot
of the models for regulatory oversight
of AI, which is becoming a very hot
topic in politics right now.
>> Well, this is this is the part that that
we just with policy makers, we need to
we need to always get in front of them
and Brad, you do a great job doing this.
We had to get in front of them and
inform them about the state of the
technology, what it is, what it is not.
It is not a biological being. It is not
alien. It is not conscious.
Um it is computer software.
>> Yeah. Exactly.
>> And and it is not something that um we
say things like we don't understand it
at all.
>> It is not true. We don't understand at
all. We understand a lot of things about
this technology. and and so so I think
one we have to make sure that we
continue to inform the policy makers and
not affect not allow dumerism and
extremism to affect how policy makers
think and understand about this
technology. However, however, we still
have to recognize technology is moving
really fast and don't get policy ahead
of the technology too quickly. And the
risk that we we run as a nation, our
greatest source of national security
concern with respect to AI is that other
countries adopt this technology while we
are so angry at it or afraid of it or
somehow paranoid of it that our
industries, our society don't take
advantage of AI. So I'm just mostly
worried about the diffusion of AI here
in United States.
>> Can you just double click if you were in
the seat in the boardroom of anthropic
over that whole scuttlebutt with the
department of war? It sort of builds on
this idea of people didn't know what to
think. It's sort of added to this layer
of either resentment or fear or just
general mistrust that people have
sometimes at the software levels of AI.
What would do you think you would have
told Daario and that team to do maybe
differently to try to change some of
this outcome and some of this
perception?
>> The first thing that I I would I would
say about Anthropic is first of all the
technology is incredible. We are a large
consumer of anthropic technology really
admire their focus on security really
admires their focus on safety. Um the
the the the culture by which we they
went about it the the technology
excellence by which they went about it
really fantastic. Um I I would say that
that the the desire to warn people about
the capability of the technology is is
also uh really terrific. We just have to
make sure that we understand that the
world has a spectrum and that that
warning is good, scaring is less good,
>> right? [laughter]
>> Um and because this technology is too
important to us,
>> right? And and I think that it is fine
to uh predict the future but we need to
be a little bit more circumspect. We
need to have a little bit more humility
that in fact we can't completely predict
the future and the abil and to say
things that that are quite extreme quite
catastrophic that there's no evidence of
it happening um could be more damaging
than people think. And and of course we
are technology leaders uh there were
there was a time when nobody listened to
us. Yeah.
>> Um but now because technology is so
important in the social fabric such an
important industry so important to
national security our words do matter
and I think we have to be much more
circumspect. We have to be more
moderate. We have to be more balanced.
We have to be more for more thoughtful.
>> Well I you know I would nominate you. I
think the industry's got to get
together. 17% popularity of AI in the
United States. I mean, we see what
happened to nuclear, right? We basically
shut down the entire nuclear industry
and now we have a 100 fision reactors
being built in China and zero in the
United States. Um, we hear about
moratoriums on data centers. So, I think
we have to be a lot more proactive about
that. But, but I want to go back to this
agentic explosion that you're seeing
inside your company, the efficiencies,
the productivity gains inside your
company. There's a lot of debate whether
or not we're seeing ROI, right? and you
and I entering into into this year, the
big question was, are the revenues going
to show up? Are the revenues going to
scale like intelligence? And then we had
this kind of Oenheimer moment, a five6
billion month by Anthropic in February.
Um, do you think as you look ahead, you
announced a trillion dollar, you know,
visibility into a trillion dollars of
just Blackwell and Vera Rubin over the
course of the next couple years. When
you see this happening at Anthropic and
Open AI, do you think we're on that
curve now where we're going to see
revenues scale in the way that
intelligence is scaling?
>> When you look around when you I'll
answer this a couple different ways.
When you look around this audience, you
will see that anthropic and open AI is
represented here. But in fact, everybody
99% of everything that is here is all AI
and it's not anthropic and open AI.
>> Right. Right.
>> And the reason for that is because AI is
very diverse.
>> I would say that the second most popular
model as a category is open models.
>> Number one is yeah open open source open
ways open source.
>> Open AI is number one. Open source is
number two. Very distant. Third is
anthropic. And that tells you something
about the scale of all of the AI
companies that are here. And so, so it's
important to recognize recognize that.
Um, let me let me come back and say a
couple things. One, when we went from
generative to reasoning, the amount of
computation we needed was about a
hundred times.
>> When we went from reasoning to agentic,
the computation is probably another
hundred times. Now we're looking at in
just two years computation went up by a
fact 10,000x.
Meanwhile,
people pay for information, but people
mostly pay for work.
>> Yes.
>> Talking to a chatbot and getting an
answer is super great,
>> right?
>> Helping me do some research,
unbelievable. But getting work done,
I'll pay for
>> indeed.
>> And so that's where we are. Agentic
systems get work done. They're helping
our software engineers get work done.
And and so then you take that,
>> you got 10,000x more compute,
>> you get probably at this point 100x more
consumption now.
>> Yes.
>> Yeah.
>> And we haven't even started scaling yet.
We are absolutely at a millionx
>> which is I think a great place to talk
about the number of people have 20
30,000 at the company something.
>> We have 43,000 employees. you know, I
would say 38,000
are engineers.
>> The conversation we've had on the pod a
number of times is, "Oh my god, look at
the token usage in our companies. It is
growing massively." And some people are
asking, "Hey, when I join a company, how
many tokens do I get cuz I want to be an
effective employee?" And you postulated,
I believe, during your 2 and 1/2 hour
keynote, pretty long keynote, well done,
>> that you were spending,
>> if it was well done, it would be
shorter. Yeah. He didn't have time to do
a He didn't have time to write an hour
45. So you guys So you guys know So you
guys know there is no practice
>> and so it's a gripping and rip and rip.
Yeah. Yeah.
>> So So I just want to let you know I was
writing the speech while I was giving
the speech. Okay. [laughter] So
>> you never know.
>> But does that mean if we do back
>> I apologize
>> back envelope math 75,000 in tokens for
each engineer or something like that.
So, are you spending in Nvidia a
billion2 billion on tokens for your
engineering team right now?
>> We're trying to. Let me give you a
thought experiment. Let's say you have a
software engineer or AI researcher and
you pay them $500,000 a year. We do that
all the time.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. This is happening all over the
time. Um, that $500,000 engineer at the
end of the year, I'm going to ask them
how many tok spend in tokens. If that
person said $5,000, I will go ape
something else.
>> Yes.
>> Right. If that if that $500,000 engineer
did not consume at least $250,000 worth
of tokens, I am going to be deeply
alarmed. Okay? And this is no different
than one of our chip designers who says,
"Guess what? I'm just going to use paper
and pencil. I don't think I'm going to
need any CAT tools."
>> This is a real paradigm shift to start
thinking about these all-star employees.
It almost reminds me of of what we
learned in the NBA when LeBron James
started spending a million dollars a
year just on his health of his body like
and maintaining it. That's right.
>> Here he is at age 41 still playing. It
really is, hey, if these are incredible
knowledge workers, why wouldn't we give
them
>> superhuman abilities?
>> That's exactly
>> where does that go? If we if we
extrapolate out two or three years from
now, what is the efficiency of that
allstar at an Nvidia and what they're
able to accomplish? What do they look
like? Well, first of all, things that
that that um wow, this is too hard. That
thought is gone. Uh this is going to
take a long time. That thought is gone.
Uh we're going to need a lot of people.
That thought is gone. This is no
different than in this in the last
industrial re revolution. Somebody goes,
"Boy, that building really looks heavy."
Nobody says that. Nobody, wow, that
mountain looks too big. Nobody says
that. Right.
>> Everything that's too big, too heavy,
takes too long,
>> those thought, those ideas are all gone.
>> You're reduced to creativity.
>> That's right.
>> What can you come up with?
>> Exactly. Which means now the question is
how do you how do you work with these
agents? Well, it's just a new way of
doing computer programming. In the f in
the past, we code. In the future, we're
going we're going to write ideas,
architectures, specifications.
We're going to organize teams. We're
going to give them we're going to help
them define how to evaluate the
definition of good versus bad. What's
the what does it look like when
something is a great outcome? How to
iterate with you? How to brainstorm.
That's really what you're looking for.
And I'm I think that every engineer is
going to have hundred hundred agents.
>> Back to the PR problem the industry has
right now. You have executives uh like
David Freeberg with Ahalo who's looking
at literally taking through the use of
technology your technology and AI the
number of calories produced and making
high quality cal calories what is the
factor you think you can bring the cost
down Freeberg and what impact does this
vision have for what you're doing
>> zero shot genomic modeling and it works
>> and you have that moment and you're like
holy
>> honestly And and that's after people are
replacing entire enterprise software
stacks in a night. I did something in 90
minutes I was telling the guys about
replaced a whole software stack and like
a whole bunch of workload 90 minutes on
cloud ran this agentic system built the
whole thing deployed it and we got we
were on a Sunday night
>> on a Sunday night 10 p.m. I was done at
11:30. I went to bed.
>> As the CEO, you replaced
>> Yeah. And everyone on my management team
had to do a similar exercise over the
weekend. What we saw on Monday, I was
like, it's over. But the technical
stuff, the science stuff, we did
something in 30 minutes using auto
research, and I'd love your view on auto
research and what that tells us about
how far we still have to go in terms of
efficiency. But using auto research and
a chunk of data, something was published
internally that we said, "Oh my god."
And that would normally be a PhD thesis
that would take seven years. It would be
one of the most celebrated PhD thesis
we've ever seen in this field and it
would be in the journal science and it
was done in 30 minutes on a desktop
computer running on auto research with
all the data we just ingested. We got it
on Friday and we're like, "Hey, let's
try it." Try booted up, went to GitHub,
downloaded Auto Research and ran it. And
you see everyone's face just go like and
then the potential of what this is
unlocking for us is like the kind of
thing that would take seven years and it
happened in 30 minutes and we're
experiencing it in genomics and we're
like this is unbelievable. So I I think
like the acceleration is widening the
aperture for everyone in a way that like
you didn't imagine a few years ago. But
just going back to the auto research
point, can you just comment on what you
think about the fact that this thing got
published with 600 lines of code in a
weekend and the capacity that it has to
run locally and achieve what it can
achieve with all of these diverse data
sets and what that tells us about the
early stages we are in terms of
optimization on algorithms and hardware.
The fundamental reason why Open Claw is
so incredible number one is it's com its
confluence its timing with the
breakthroughs in large language model.
>> Yeah,
>> its timing was perfect. It was
impeccable. Now, in a lot of ways, Peter
wouldn't have come up with it probably
if not for the fact that Claude and GPT
and chat GPT have reached a level that
is really very good,
>> right? It is also a new capability that
allows these models to tool use the
tools that we've created over time web
browsers and Excel spreadsheets and you
know in the case of chip design synopsis
and cadence and uh omniverse and blender
and autodesk and all of these tools are
going to continue to be used. There's
some some people say that that the
enterprise IT software industry is going
to get destroyed. There's it's there's a
let me give you the alternative view.
The enterprise software industry is
limited by butts and seats. It's about
to get a hundred times more agents
banging on those tools. They're going to
be agents banging on SQL. They're going
to be agents bang on vector databases,
agents banging on Blender, agents bang
on Photoshop. And the reason for that is
because those tools are first of all do
a very good job. Second, those tools are
the conduit between us in the final
analysis. When the work is done, it has
to be represented back to me in a way
that I can control.
>> Right?
>> And I know how to control those tools.
And so I need everything to be put back
into synopsis. I want everything to be
put back into cadence because that's how
I control it. That's how I've ground
truth.
>> Let me ask you a question about open
source. So we have these closed source
models. They're excellent.
>> We have these openweight models. Many of
the Chinese models are incredible.
Absolutely incredible. Two days ago, you
may not have seen this because you were
busy on stage, but there was a training
run that happened in this crypto project
called Bit Tensor Subnet 3. They managed
to train a 4 billion parameter llama
model totally distributed with a bunch
of people contributing
excess compute, but they were able to do
it statefully and manage a training run,
which I thought was like a pretty crazy
technical accomplishment.
>> Yeah. Because it's like random people
and each person gets a little share.
>> Our our modern version of folding at
home.
>> Exactly. So what what do you think about
the end state of open source? Do you see
this decentralization of architecture as
well and decentralization of compute to
support open weights and a totally open-
source approach to making sure AI is
broadly available to everyone?
>> I believe we fundamentally need
models as a firstass product proprietary
product as well as models as open
source. These two things are not A or B.
It's A and B. There's no question about
it. And the reason for that is because
models is a technology not a product.
Model is a technology not a service. For
the vast majority of consumers, the
horizontal layer, the general
intelligence, I would really really love
not to go fine-tune my own. I would
really love to keep using chat GPT. I
love to use cloud. I love to use Gemini.
I love to you use X. And they all have
their own personalities as you know,
which is kind of depends on my mood and
depends on what problem I'm trying to
solve. you know I might you know do it
on X or I might do it on on ChatGBT and
so that that segment of the of the
industry is thriving it's going to be
great however there all these industries
their domain expertise their
specialization has to be channeled has
to be captured in a way that they can
control and that it can only come from
open models the open model industry
we're contributing tremendously to it is
near the frontier
and quite Quite frankly, even if it
reaches the frontier,
I think that products as a service,
worldclass products as as a models as a
product is going to continue to thrive.
>> Every startup we're investing in now is
open- source first and then going to the
proprietary models.
>> Yeah. And the beautiful thing is because
you have a great router you connect it
to by on on first day every single day
you're going to have access to the
world's best model and and then it gives
you time to cost reduce and fine-tune
and specialize and so you're going to
have worldclass capabilities out to
shoot every single time. Let
>> J can I ask question?
>> Nobody wants the US to win the global AI
race more than you, right? But a year
ago, the Biden era diffusion rule really
was an anti- American diffusion of AI
around the world. So here we are a year
into the new administration.
Give us a grade. Where is where are we
in terms of global diffusion and the
rate at which we're spreading US AI
technology around the world? Are we an
A? Are we a B? or we see what what's
working, what's not working.
>> Well, first of all, President Trump
wants American industry to lead. He
wants American technology industry to
lead. He wants American technology
industry to win. He wants us to spread
American technology around the world. He
wants United States to be the wealthiest
country in the world. He wants all of
that. At the current moment, as we
speak,
Nvidia gave up a 95% market share in the
second largest market in the world, and
we're at 0%.
>> President Trump, [clears throat] That's
right. President Trump wants us to get
back in there. And and uh the first
thing is uh to get licens licensed for
the companies that we're going to be
able to sell to. We've got many
companies who have requested for
licenses. We've applied for licenses for
them and we've got approved licenses
from sec secretary lutnik. Uh now uh
we've we informed the Chinese companies
and many of them have given us purchase
orders and so we're going to we're going
to we're in the process of cranking up
our supply chain again to go ship. I
think at the highest level Brad um I
think one of the things that we should
acknowledge is this. Our national
security
is diminished when we don't have access
to miniature motors, rare earth
minerals. It's diminished when we don't
control our telecommunications networks.
It's diminished when we can't provide
for sustainable energy for our country.
It is fundamentally diminished. Every
single one of these industries is an
example of what I don't want the AI
industry to be.
>> Right? When we look forward in time and
we say what do we want? What is the what
does it look like when American
technology industry American AI industry
leads the world? We can all acknowledge
that there is no way that AI models is
one universally. It is we can all
acknowledge that that is an outcome that
makes no sense. However, we can all
imagine that the American tech stack
from chips to computing systems to the
platforms are used broadly by the world
where they build their own AI, they use
public AI, they use private AI whatever
and they can build their applications in
their society. I would love that the
American tech stack is 90% of the world.
Yes, I would love that. The alternative
if it looks like solar, rare earth,
magnets, motors, telecommunications, I
consider that a very bad outcome for
national security.
>> Great.
>> Yeah.
>> How much are you monitoring the
situation with the conflicts around the
world right now? And how much does it
worry you Jensen? So, China and Taiwan
and then helium availability coming out
of the Middle East, I understand, can be
a supply chain risk to semiconductor
manufacturing. How much do these
situations worry you? How much are you
spending on them?
>> Well, first of all, I think the in
Middle East, I have we have 6,000
families there.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh we have a lot of Iranians uh at
NVIDIA and their families are still in
Iran and so so we have we have a lot of
families there. The first thing is is
they're quite anxious. They're quite
concerned, quite scared. Um we're
thinking about them all the time. Uh
we're monitoring and keeping an eye on
them all the time. They have 100% of our
support. Uh I've been asked several
times, are we still considering uh being
in Israel? We are 100% in Israel. We are
100% behind the families there. We are
100% in the Middle East. I was also
asked, you know, given what's happening
in the Middle East, uh is that an area
where we believe that we can expand
artificial intelligence to? Um I believe
that there's a reason we went to war and
I believe at the end of the war, Middle
East will be more stable than before.
And so if we were there, if we're
considering it before, we should
absolutely be considering it after. And
so I'm 100% in on that. With respect to
with with with respect to to Taiwan,
>> we have to do three things. One, we have
to make sure that we re-industrialize
the United States as fast as we can.
>> And whether it's the chip manufacturing
plants, the the computer manufacturing
plants, or the AI factories,
>> how are we doing on that? We're doing
excellent with by by gaining the
strategic support by gaining the
friendship of the supply chain of
Taiwan.
By gaining their friendship by gaining
their support, we were able to build
Arizona and Texas, California at
incredible rates. They're they are
genuinely a strategic partner. Um we we
we really they deserve our support. They
deserve our friendship. They deserve our
generosity and they're doing everything
they can to accelerate the manufacturing
process for us. And so, so I think
that's number one. Number two, we ought
to diversify the manufacturing supply
chain. And whether it's South Korea,
whether it's it's Japan, it's Europe, we
got to we got to diversify the supply
chain, make it more resilient. And
number three, let's be let's let's
demonstrate restraint. And while we're
reducing uh increasing our diversity and
resilience, let's not
press push um
>> unnecessary. We need to be patient.
>> Is helium a problem?
>> A lot of reports,
>> you know, I think helium could be a
problem, but it's also the case that the
supply chain probably has a lot of
buffer in it.
>> These kind of things tend to have a lot
of buffer. Uh but but um you know
>> you've um made massive progress in
self-driving. You made a big
announcement. You've added many more
partners including BYD. There was just a
video of you driving around in a
Mercedes and uh huge announcement uh
with Uber that you're going to have a
number of cars on the road from many
different manufacturers. your bet is I
believe that there's going to be an
Android
type open-source platform that you're
going to play a major part in with
dozens of uh car providers and then
maybe on the other side there could be
an iOS with Tesla or Whimo. What's your
strategy thinking there and how that
chessboard emerges because it feels like
you have a a pretty deep stack and in
some ways you're competing and in other
places you're collaborative. Yeah. Um,
it's taking a step back. We believe that
everything that moves will be autonomous
completely or partly
someday. Number one. Number two, we
don't want to build self-driving cars,
but we want to enable every car company
in the world to build self-driving cars.
And so, we built all three computers,
the training computer, the simulation
computer, the valu evaluation computer,
as well as the car computer. We develop
the world's safest driving operating
system. Uh we also created the world's
first reasoning autonomous vehicle so
that it could decompose complicated
scenarios into simpler scenarios that it
knows how to navigate through just like
us reasoning systems. And so that
reasoning system called Alpommyo has
enabled us to achieve incredible
results.
We
open this we ver we vertical
optimization. We horizontally innovate
and we let everybody decide. Do you want
to buy one computer from us? In the case
of Elon and Tesla, they buy our training
computers. Um, do they want to buy our
training computer and our simulation
computers or do you want to let us uh
work with us to do all three and even
put the car computer in your car? So, we
you know, our attitude is we want to
solve the problem.
We're not the solution provider
and we're delighted however you work
with us. Let me build on this question
because I think it's like it's so
fascinating. You actually do create this
platform. A thousand flowers are
blooming.
>> But it's also true that some of those
flowers want to now go back down in the
stack and try to compete with you a
little bit. Google has TPU, Amazon has
inferentia and tranium. You know,
everybody's sort of spinning up their
own version of I think I can out Nvidia
Nvidia
>> even though they also tend to be huge
customers.
>> How do you navigate that? And what do
you think happens over time and
>> where do those things play in the
complexion of this kind of vision?
>> Yeah, really great. You know, first of
all, um, we're the only AI company,
we're an AI company. We build foundation
models. We're at the frontier, many
different domains. We build every single
every single layer, every single stack.
Um, we're the only AI company in the
world that works with every AI company
in the world. They never show me what
they're building and I always show them
exactly what I'm building.
>> Right.
>> Yeah. And so so the confidence comes
from this one. Uh we are delighted to
compete on what is the best technology
and to the extent that to the extent
that we can continue to run fast I
believe that buying from Nvidia still is
one of the most economic things they
could do and that's just incredible
confidence there. Number one. Number two
we're the only architecture that could
be in every cloud and that gives us some
fundamental advantages. where the only
architecture you could take from a cloud
and put into onrem in the car in any
region in space.
>> That's right. In space. And so there's a
whole whole part of our market about 40%
of our of our business most people don't
realize this 40% of our business unless
you have the CUDA stack unless you can
build an entire AI factory you have the
customers don't know what to do with
you. They're not trying to build chips.
They're not trying to buy chips. They're
trying to build AI infrastructure. And
so they want you to come in with the
full stack. And we've got the whole
stack. And so surprisingly, Nvidia is
gaining market share. If you look at
where we are today, we're gaining share.
>> Do you think what happens is these guys
try and they realize, oh my god, it's
too much. And then they come back. Is
that why the share grows?
>> Well, we're gaining share for several
reasons. One, um, our velocity has gone.
We help people realize it's not about
building the chip, it's about building
the system.
>> And that system is really hard to build.
uh and and so their their their business
with us is increasing. In the case of
AWS, I think they just announced, I
think it was yesterday, that they're
going to buy a a million chips uh in the
next couple years. I mean, that's a lot
of chips from from AWS. And that's on
top of all the chips they've already
bought. And so, we're delighted to do
that. But number one, we're gaining
share this last couple years because we
now have Anthropic coming to Nvidia.
Meta SL is coming to Nvidia. And the
growth of open models is incredible. And
that's all on Nvidia. And so we're
growing in share because of the number
of models. We're also growing in share
because out all of these companies are
outside of the cloud and they're growing
regionally in enterprise in industries
at the edge and that entire segment of
growth is you know really hard to do if
it's just building an asich
>> Brad
>> related to that um and not to get in the
weeds on the numbers but analysts don't
seem to believe right so if you look at
the consensus forecast you said compute
could 1 millionx right and Yet they have
you growing next year at 30%, the year
after that at 20%. And in 2029, which is
supposed to be a monster year at 7%.
Right? So if you just if you take your
TAM and you apply their growth numbers,
it suggests that your share will
plummet. Do you see anything in your
future order book that would make that
correct?
>> Yeah. First of all, they just don't
understand the scale and the breadth of
AI.
>> Yes.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. I think that's true. Most people
think that AI is in the top five
hyperscalers,
>> right? That's right. There's also an
orthodoxy around these law of large
numbers where,
>> you know, they have to go back to their
investment banking risk committee and
show some model.
>> They're not going to believe in their
minds that 5 trillion goes to 15
trillion. They're like go to it can go
to seven or they can have a 10 trillion
company.
>> It's all just CIA stuff that I think
>> it's never happened before. So you can't
say it will
>> and and because because you have to
redefine what it is that you do. There
was somebody who made an observation
recently that Nvidia
Jensen, how can you be larger than Intel
in servers and the reason for that is
because the CPU market of the entire
data center was about $25 billion a
year,
>> right?
>> We do $25 billion a year as you guys
know in a very in the time that we were
sitting here.
>> And so obviously obviously [laughter]
That was a joke.
>> No, it's but it's
>> all in podcast.
>> Don't worry. Everything on this show is
rough. Don't worry about it. It's all in
here. Anyways, that was not guidance.
But anyhow, anyhow, it the the point is
how big you can be
>> depends on what is it that you make,
>> right?
>> Nvidia is not making chips. Number one,
making chips does not help you solve the
AI infrastructure problem anymore. It's
too complicated. Number three, most
people think that AI is narrowly in the
things that they talk about and hear and
see.
>> It's AI is much open AI is incredible.
They're going to be enormous. Anthropic
is incredible. They're going to be
enormous. But AI is going to be much
much bigger than that.
>> And we addressed that segment.
>> Tell us about data centers in space for
a second.
>> Yeah.
>> Um
>> we're already in space. How should the
layman think about what that business is
versus when you hear about these big
data center buildouts that's happening
in in on the ground?
>> Well, we should definitely work on the
ground first because we're already here
and number one. Number two, we should
prepare to be out in space and obviously
there's a lot of energy in space. Um the
challenge of course is that cooling
you can't take advantage of conduction
and convection and so you can only use
radiation and radiation requires very
large surfaces and so now that's not an
impossible thing to solve and there's a
lot of lot of space in space. Um but
nonetheless
the expense is still quite there is is
there uh we're going to go explore it.
We're already there. We're already
radiation hardened. Uh we have we have
uh uh uh CUDA in satellites around the
world. Um they're doing imaging, image
processing, AI imaging. And um and that
kind of stuff ought to be done in space.
Instead of sending all the data back
here and do imaging down here, we ought
to just do imaging out in space. And so
there's a lot of things that we ought to
done do do in space. And in the
meantime, uh we're going to explore what
is the architecture of data centers look
like uh in space. And it'll take it'll
take years. It's okay. We got I got
plenty of time. I wanted to um double
click on healthcare. I know you've got a
big effort there. We're all of a certain
age where we're thinking about lifespan,
health span. I mean, we all look great.
I think
>> some better than others.
>> I think some better than others. I don't
know what your secret is, Jensen.
>> Look pretty good these these
>> I mean what's what are you taking what's
off the menu? You got to talk to me when
we're backstage. I want to know in the
green room what you got going on.
>> Squats and push-ups and sit-ups.
>> Perfect. Okay. Um but
>> that works. what you know in terms of
the buildout in healthcare
where is that going and what kind of
progress are we making? I was just using
Claude to do some analysis and saying
like where are all these billing codes?
We spend twice as much money in the US.
We get seem to get half as much. It
seemed like uh 15 to 25% of the dollar
spent were on these first GP visits. And
I think we all know like chat GBT and a
large language model does a better job
more consistently today at a first
visit. So what has to happen there to
kind of break through all that
regulation and have AI have a true
impact on the health care system?
>> There's several several areas that we're
involved in in um in healthcare. One is
uh AI
uh physics uh and and that's or AI
biology using AI to understand represent
predict biology behavior biological
behavior and so that's one that's very
important in drug discovery. There's
second which is AI agents and that's
where the assistance and helping
diagnosis and things like that. Open
evidence is a really good example.
Hypocratic is a really good example.
Love working with those companies. Um I
really think that this is an area uh
where agentic technology is going to
revolutionize how we interact with
doctors and how do we interact for
healthcare. The third part that we're in
involved in is physical AI. The first
one is AI physics using AI to predict
physics. The second one is physical AI.
AI that understand the properties of the
laws of physics and that's used for a uh
robotic surgery huge amounts of
activities there. Every single
instrument whether it's ultrasound or
you know CT or whatever instrument we
interact with in a hospital in the
future will be agentic.
>> Yeah.
>> You know open claw in a safe version
will be inside every single instrument.
And so in a lot of ways that instrument
is going to be interacting with patients
and nurses and doctors in a very unique
way. so much investment in AI weapons.
[cough] It would be wonderful to see
some investment in AI EMTs and
paramedics and saving lives, not just
taking them, which I think is a great
segue into robotics. You've got dozens
of partners. We have this very weird
>> I I don't know want to call a lost
decade or 20 years of Boston Dynamics.
Google bought a bunch of companies, they
then wound up selling them and spinning
them out where people just thought h
robotics is just not ready for prime
time. And now here we have the world's
greatest entrepreneur at this time. Uh
tied with you, uh Elon Musk doing well,
that was a good save, I hope. Optimus,
uh pretty impressive. And then other
companies in China. How how close is
that to actually being in our lives
where we might see a chef, a robotic
chef, a robotic nurse, a robotic
housekeeper, you know, this humanoid
factor actually working in the real
world knowing what you know with those
partners and the fidelity especially in
China where they seem to be doing as
good a job as we're doing here or maybe
better. Mhm.
>> Um,
we invented the industry largely.
America invented we could, you could
argue we got into it too soon.
>> Yeah.
>> And and we got exhausted. We got tired
um about 5 years before the enabling
technology appeared.
>> The brain.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And we we just got tired of
it just a little too soon. Okay. That's
number one. But it's here now. Now the
question is how much longer from the
point of high functioning existence
proof high functioning existence
existence proof to reasonable products
technology never takes more than a
couple two three cycles and so a couple
two three cycles basically be somewhere
around three years to 5 years that's it
three years to 5 years we're going to
have robots all over the place I think I
think um uh China is is formidable and
the reason for that is because their
micro electronics, their uh motors,
their rare earth, their magnets, which
is foundational to robotics, they are
the world's best. And so, in a lot of
ways, our robotics industry relies
deeply on their ecosystem and their
supply chain. Um and uh and and they're,
you know, obviously moving very quickly.
Uh we're going to, you know, our
robotics industry will have to rely a
lot on it. The world's robotics industry
will have to rely on a lot on it. And so
so I think um uh you're going to see
some fast fast movements here
>> ultimately one for one. Elon seems to
think we're going to have one robot for
every human. 7 billion for 7 billion, 8
billion for 8 billion.
>> Well, I'm hoping more. Yeah, I'm hoping
more. Yeah. Uh well, first of all,
there's a whole bunch of robots that are
going to be in factories working around
the clock. There's going to be a whole
bunch of faces that that don't move.
They move a little bit. Uh almost
everything will be robotic.
>> What does the world look like? Sorry,
let me say I think like this is one of
the robotics for me is one of the pieces
that I think unlocks uh economic
mobility opportunities for every
individual. Everyone now like when
everyone got a car, they could now go
and do a lot of different jobs. When
everyone gets a robot, their robot can
do a lot of work for them. They can
stand up an Etsy store, a Shopify store,
they can create anything they want with
their robot. They could do things that
they independently cannot do. I think
the robot is going to end up being the
greatest unlock for prosperity for more
people on Earth than we've ever seen
with any technology before.
>> Yeah, no doubt. I mean, just a simp the
simple math at the moment is we're
millions of people short in labor today.
Right. Yeah.
>> Right. We're we're we're actually really
desperate in need of robotics and so
that all of these companies could grow
more if they had more labor. I mean,
we're we're number one. Some of the
things that you mentioned are super fun.
I mean, because of robots, we'll have
virtual presence. Uh, you know, I'll be
able to go into the robot of my house
and virtually operate it. I'm on a
business trip,
>> right?
>> Walk around the house.
>> Yeah. Walk the dog.
>> Break the leaves.
>> Yeah. Exactly. [laughter] Freak out the
dog.
>> Maybe not quite that, but just, you
know, just, you know, wander around and
just see what's going on in the house.
You know, chat with the dogs, chat with
the kids. Yeah.
>> Yeah. And time travel is also we're
going to be able to travel at the speed
of light, you know, and so, you know,
clearly we're going to send our robots
ahead of us.
>> Yeah.
>> Not going to send myself. I'm going to
send a robot, you know.
>> Check it out.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And then I'm going to upload
my AI.
>> Well, it's inevitable. It unlocks the
moon and it unlocks Mars as um targets
for for colonization, which gives us
>> infinite resources. Getting back from
the moon is effectively zero energy cost
to move material back because you can
use solar and accelerate. So you could
have factories that make everything the
world needs on the moon and the robots
are going to be the unlock for enabling.
>> That's right. Distance no longer
matters.
>> Distance doesn't matter. Yeah.
>> The more the more revenue we get out of
models and agents, the more we can
invest in building the infrastructure
which then unlocks more capabilities on
models and agents. Dario on Dwaresh's
podcast recently said by 2728 we'll have
hundreds of billions of dollars of
revenue out of the model companies and
the agent companies. and he forecasts a
trillion dollars by 2030, right? This is
non-infrastructure AI revenue. Um,
>> I think he I think he's he's being very
conservative. I believe Dario and
Anthropic is going to do way better than
that.
>> Wow.
>> Way better than that.
>> Wow. So, from 30 billion to a trillion.
>> Yeah. and not and and the reason for
that is the one part that he hasn't
considered is that I believe every
single enterprise software company will
also be a reseller
value added reseller of anthropic code
anthropics tokens value added reseller
open AI that's right and they're going
to that that that part of their
>> look at this logarithmic expansion
>> yes
>> their go to market is going to expand
tremendously this year
>> what do you think in that world is the
moat what's left over. I mean you have
some moes that are frankly I think as
this scales almost insurmountable. The
best one that nobody talks about is
probably CUDA which is just like an
incredible strategic advantage. But in
the future if a model can be used to
create something incredible then the
next spin of a model can be used to
maybe disrupt it. Sort of in your mind
what do you think for these companies
that are building at that application
layer? What's their moat? like how do
they differentiate themselves?
>> Deep specialization.
Deep specialization. I believe that um
these models they're going to have
general general models that are
connected into the software company's
agentic system,
>> right?
>> Many of those models are cloud models
and proprietary models, but many of
those models are specialized
sub aents that they've trained on their
own.
>> Right. All right. So, the call to arms
for you for entrepreneurs is look,
>> know your vertical.
>> That's right.
>> Know it as deep and as better than
everybody else.
>> That's right.
>> And then wait for these tools because
they're catching up to you and now you
can imbue it with your knowledge.
>> That's right. The sooner you connect
your agent,
>> the sooner you connect your agent with
customers,
>> that flywheel is going to cause your
agent to get
>> it very much is an inversion of what we
do today. Because today we build a piece
of software and we say what generalizes
and then let's try to sell it as broadly
as possible and then sell the
customization around it
>> and we in fact in fact exactly right we
we create a horizontal but notice there
are all these gsis and all of these
consultants who are specialists who then
take your horizontal platform and
specializes it into
>> Exactly.
>> And that's arguably a five or six time
bigger industry is the customization. It
is absolutely
>> yeah the whole that very much is
>> that's right so I think that these
platform companies have an opportunity
to become that specialist to become that
vertical
>> yeah domain expert
>> you know I just want to give you your
flowers I think it was 3 years ago you
said you're not going to lose your job
to AI you're going to lose your job to
somebody using AI and here we are the
entire conversation has revolved around
this concept of agents making people
superhuman and the business opportunity
expanding and entrepreneurship
expanding. You actually saw it pretty
clearly. Yeah.
>> Have you changed your view?
>> I don't do No, I'm not Doomer. I do. I
do have Doomer. No, I you can hold space
for I think two ideas. One is there are
going to be a lot
>> that's spiral Jake we call it.
>> No, [laughter] there you can.
>> But that's just because he doesn't hang
out with me enough.
>> Well, we I mean we a little bit.
>> We don't talk. [laughter]
>> He will show YOUR BREAKFAST. HE'LL
FOLLOW YOU AROUND.
>> I'm not asking for it. He'll
>> follow you around. I'm not asking for
it.
>> You can come with me and Tucker. We ski
in Japan every January. People love it.
Me and Tucker go road trip.
There is going to be job displacement.
And then the question becomes,
>> you know, do those people have the
fortitude, the resolve to then go
embrace these, you know, technologies.
We're we're going to see 100% of driving
go away by humans. That's just it's
that's a beautiful thing in the lives
saved. But we have to recognize that's
15 million people in the United States,
10 to 15 million who are employed in
that way. And and so that is gonna
happen. Yes,
>> I I think I think that jobs will change.
For example, um there are many
chauffeers today uh who drives the car.
I believe that though many of those
chauffeers will actually be in the car
sitting behind the drive the steering
wheel while the car is driving by
itself. And the reason for that is
because remember what a chauffeur does
in the end. These chauffeers, they're
helping you, they're your assistants,
they're helping you with your luggage.
They're helping you I mean they're
helping you with a lot of things and and
so I wouldn't be surprised actually if
the chauffeers of the future becomes
your mobility assistant and they are
helping you do on a whole bunch of other
stuff
>> to the hotel.
>> Yeah. And the car is driving by itself.
>> The autopilot in planes created a lot
more pilots and didn't take any of the
pilots out of the cockpit even though
the autopilot is flying the plane 90% of
the And by the way, while that car is
driving itself, that chauffeur is going
to be doing a bunch of other work on his
phone and he's going to be
>> arranging, for example, coordinating a
bunch of things for you, getting, you
know,
>> it's all the pie just grows in a way
that
>> one of the things that that that yes,
every job will be will be transformed.
Um, some jobs will be eliminated.
However, we also know that many many
jobs will be recre will be created. The
one thing that I will say to young
people who are coming out of school who
are concerned, who are anxious about AI,
be the expert of using AI
>> look we all want our employees to be
expert at using AI and it's not not
>> not trivial not trivial and so knowing
how to specify not to overprescribe
leaving enough room for the AI to
innovate and create while we guide it to
the outcome we want. it. All of that
requires artistry.
>> You had you had this great advice to
when you were at Stanford, I think it
was, which is I wish to you pain and
suffering. Do you remember that?
>> Yeah.
>> Fantastic.
>> What's your advice to young people
around what they should be studying? So,
if they're sort of about to leave high
school because now those are the kids
that are at this like really native,
they haven't made a decision about
college, what to study, if at all go to
college. How do you guide those kids?
What would you tell them? I I still
believe that deep science, deep math, um
language skills, you know, as you know,
language is the programming language of
AI, the ultimate program.
>> And so, as it turns out, it it could be
that the English major could be the most
successful. Yeah.
>> And and so, so I think I think um I I
would just advise whatever whatever
education you get, just make sure that
you're deeply deeply expert in using
AIS. One of the things that I wanted to
say with respect to jobs and I want
everybody to hear it that in fact at the
beginning of the deep learning
revolution, one of the the finest
computer scientists in the world deeply
deeply I deeply uh deeply uh um respect
uh predicted that computer vision will
completely eliminate radiologists
and and that the one the one field he
advises everybody to not go into is
radiology. 10 years later, his
prediction was at 100% right. Computer
vision has been integrated into all of
the radiology technologies and radiology
platforms in the world 100%. The
surprising outcome is the number of
radiologists actually went up and the
demand for radiologists is skyrocketed.
The reason for that is because
everybody's job
has a purpose and its task. The task
that you do is studying the scans,
>> but your purpose is to diag helping the
doctors, helping the patient diagnose
disease.
>> And so what's surprising is because the
scans are now being done so quickly,
>> they could do more scans, improving
healthcare.
>> Yes.
>> But doing more scans more quickly allows
patients to
>> be
onboarded a lot more quick, treated a
lot more quickly. And as it turns out,
because hospitals enjoy making money,
too.
>> Yeah.
>> Right.
>> They're doing more scans. They're
treating more customers.
The revenues go up. Guess what? Perfect.
And and a country that grows faster,
productivity increases. A wealthier
country can put more teachers in the
classroom, not less teachers in the
classroom. That's right. You just give
every one of those teachers a
personalized curriculum for every
student in the room. It makes them all
bionic and leads to a lot more. Every
single student will be assisted by AI,
but every single student will need great
teachers.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Amazing. Uh Jensen,
congratulations. I know your success and
really this is an incredibly positive,
uplifting discussion. We really
appreciate you taking the time for us.
He is the steward we need.
>> You are you are the more vocal. I'm
being very vocal about the positive side
of it. I think there's too much dumerism
is
>> but I also think it takes a humility to
have this level of success and be humble
about we're making software guys.
Yeah.
>> And I think that that's actually really
healthy for people to hear. We have done
this before. We have invented categories
and industries before.
>> We don't need to go to this
>> scaremongering place. It does nothing.
>> And we get to choose, right? We have
autonomy and and agency. We get to pick
how to
>> we do
>> deploy this. Okay, everybody. We'll see
you next time on the All-In interview.
Okay.
>> Well done, brother.
>> Thanks, man.
>> Good job.
>> Thank you, sir. That was awesome.
>> Good. Good.
>> Appreciate you. You guys are awesome.
>> Look at this. Look at this
[clears throat] big crowd behind you
guys,
>> man.